Adds SEO descriptions (#2)
volca-io/volca-io.github.io: _pages/cicd.md

layout: page
seo_title: CI/CD for SaaS Products | SaaS Deployment Strategy
title: CI/CD for SaaS Products

> description: Increase the velocity of your SaaS product by implementing a simple and reliable CI/CD workflow by utalizing GitHub actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description:Ship features at rocket speed for your SaaS product by implementing a simple and reliable CI/CD workflow using GitHub Actions
```
